docs: Quickstart (#542)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-sdk/docusaurus/docs/React/01-basics/03-quickstart.mdx

description: For when you're in a hurry and want to quickly get up and running
---

The Stream Video React SDK is a highly customizable software development kit
that enables audio and video calling features for new and existing applications.

> It consists of the Low-Level Client (LLC), a set of core components that form the foundation of the SDK,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of the Call Engine, a set of core components that form the foundation of the SDK,
```

Reviewer: This is how we refer to the client in other places

establish a connection to the Stream platform and build a simple video calling interface with the built-in UI components.

## Install and Connect

To get started with the Stream Video React SDK, a few steps are required. These steps include:

Install the SDK using your package manager of choice, such as `npm`, `yarn`, or `pnpm`.

```bash
# example with yarn
yarn install @stream-io/video-react-sdk
```

Collect the necessary configuration parameters, as:

- `apiKey`: The API key for your application, which you can find in the [Stream Dashboard](https://dashboard.getstream.io/dashboard).
- `user_id`: The unique identifier for the user connecting to the Stream platform.
- `token`: The authentication token for the user connecting to the Stream platform. You can generate this token using the following [Stream Token Tool](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/react/tokens_and_authentication/?language=javascript#manually-generating-tokens)

These parameters are essential for authentication and authorization to access the Stream platform.

```ts
const apiKey = 'your-api-key';
const userId = 'user-id';
const token = 'authentication-token';
```

:::note

> You can more about user authentication and authorization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about user authentication and authorization
```

Author: Thanks!
